One cleanup work and want to do is that when we have no bookings we should probably show a short message
here.
So in our bookings page we are relying on loaded bookings being an array with the elements in there.
Well since this all is in one iron column I can simply add a NGL check on that column here loaded bookings
is a thing.
So if it is not undefined and then loaded bookings length is greater than zero then I want to show this
list.
Otherwise I'll add a new ion column here which with my same size and offset and then hero the NGL check
world we will be if loaded bookings is not a thing if it is undefined or if loaded.
Bookings length for smaller or equal to zero then it will show this column and its content and the content
here will be a paragraph where I say no bookings found like this the left me all the ad tech center
here to Center that text and if it is now reloads we should see no bookings found here.
As soon as I do add a booking however I would simply give this a try here real quick.
If I go back to bookings now we see that now this is nice.
If I remove it we should see the text again.
We do.
But the other problem I had was that we can actually book places here which are just all place but not
booking all because we have no bankable places here.
So I can certainly inspect these places but the book button shouldn't be there for these places.
Now that of course can all be fixed in a way that is similar to how we fixed it for our filter here.
So let's go to the place detail page and in there we're fetching our place right.
We're fetching our place data here and we're updating this whenever we get a new parameter and you place
I.D. and our You are all parameters and then we're loading our place here because this also gets updated
whenever our places would change and then we're loading our place here.
Now what we can do here.
Again utilizing some UI state again we can add a new property is booking all and by default that say
that is false but it is up to you what you set as a default.
And then we inject our offer service into this page here.
So off service is injected.
Make sure to adjust your import path here
with the off service injected here.
Now when we fetch a place and we set this place we said this is book will equal to a check where we
have a look at that place's user I.D..
And if that is not equal to this offer service user I.D. then this will return true and therefore his
booking bill will be true which it should be.
If I.D. don't match but if I.D. do match then we are the creator of that place and therefore is booking
all will be false because I'm checking for the opposite here.
So this booking bill will be false if we will must not book it and hence now here in the template off
the place detail page where I rendered that button we can add a NGL if statement on that entire row
here and say that this should only be booking Bill if we.
Well if is book Double is true basically.
So is bankable is that new property added.
And only if that is true This button should be shown.
And therefore now as does reloads they go to this place.
I don't see that button.
Now let me simulate that I'm a different user by quickly going to the offer service and changing my
I.D. to X Y set instead of ABC which is the idea added to all the dummy places.
Now it is reloads and I see them here under all places and all is under booking all places.
And therefore if a visit such a place I see that book button again and I can again enter my value your
let me prolong my stay here a little bit.
So now this looks better and now I see my bookings here and I can cancel them of course.
So this is now much much better.
What's missing of course is our persistence state management where we all stored us on a server.
That is what we'll focus on in the next module.